---
layout: post
title:  "Alcatraz" 
date:   2015-05-01
---

Some periods in life are covered by clouds, periods when what you don’t have makes it hard to appreciate all that you are blessed with. It’s during these times that simple interactions standout the most. 

My senior year of college was such a time. My mind was weighed down by clouds I could not escape. I was at the end of four years in Berkeley, equally weary of partying and studying. Most of all, I was lonely and a virgin, watching from the sidelines as my friends lived their carefree lives with their girlfriends.

</br>
<blockquote>
"Waiting for the clouds to part, waiting to be out of the dark </br>
If our future’s bright, then the present is overcast </br>
And we want it to be over fast, lets shine"</br>
Waiting for the Clouds - Nujabes </br>
</blockquote>
<br>

Christine joined the fraternity I was in during our sophomore year. We became part of the same friend group, but I didn’t get to know her until two years later. After a night in Las Vegas, we unexpectedly found ourselves bonding over our shared Asian upbringing in the suburbs, eventually getting escorted from restricted areas by Caesar Palace security guards. I remember how presence made me feel at ease, momentarily parting a few clouds from my sky.

We moved three blocks from one another in San Francisco after graduating college. Eager to embrace life in the city, we spent the weekends clubbing and bar hopping, and inventing excuses to eat carne asada fries. The comfort I felt with her grew. I noticed how incredibly kind she was, saw how much she loved and cared for her friends. I looked forward to her company because it was so easy being around her. Plus, she was always ready for an adventure. 

</br>
<blockquote>
“You can’t start a fire, you can’t start a fire without a spark. </br>
This gun’s for hire, even if we’re just dancing in the dark." </br>
Dancing in the Dark - Bruce Springsteen </br>
</blockquote>
</br>

Christine and I started dating in early March 2015. Walks through the city after foosball and Chinese food replaced over priced drinks at Bootie and Origin. When Above & Beyond came to Bill Graham Theater, I had one of my best nights of my life. 

</br>
<blockquote>
“No I never had a night like this, </br>
 No I never had a night like this  </br>
I ain’t never shine bright like this  </br>
It’s more than beautiful, more than beautiful."  </br>
Top of the World - OCD: Moosh & Twist  </br>
</blockquote>
</br>

It’s been almost a year since we moved to San Francisco. Lights from the Bay Bridge no longer enliven a long commute back to limited privacy. With the novelty of living in the city fading, we needed a change in perspective. Last Sunday, Christine and I took the ferry to Alcatraz Island. As night fell, we followed in the footsteps of America’s most notorious prisoners to the top of a hill. Below us, birds crooned at one another, oblivious to the world around them. As I put my arm around Christine, the magnificent San Francisco skyline formed in front us. I couldn’t have imagined a better view: there wasn't a single cloud in the sky. 

<br>
<blockquote>
“Take me to a place </br>
Where we both don’t have to face </br>
The things we faked </br>
There’ll be nothing on my mind" </br>
Nothing On My Mind - Astronomyy </br>
</blockquote>
</br>